\<?xml version=\"1.0\"?\>

\<opml version=\"2.0\"\>

\<head\>

\<ownerEmail\>

anonymous

\</ownerEmail\>

\</head\>

\<body\>

\<outline text=\"&lt;b&gt;Course Overview:&lt;/b&gt;\"\>

\<outline text=\"&lt;b&gt;Romance&lt;/b&gt;\"\>

\<outline text=\"&quot;People are stealing lumber from Contractors&quot;
- Business Insider, June 17, 2021\" /\>

\<outline text=\"&quot;Just after 2 a.m. Monday, police were dispatched
to a break and enter at a construction site in the area of Malcolm Road
and Governors Road. A male had been caught on surveillance video a short
time earlier prying open the door of a construction trailer and removing
a quantity of tools.&quot;\" /\>

\</outline\>

\<outline text=\"&lt;b&gt;Precision&lt;/b&gt;\"\>

\<outline text=\"From lumber to trade secrets, organizations are
clamoring for ways to secure their property and their data from theft,
tampering, and prying eyes.\" /\>

\<outline text=\"Surveillance is the French term meaning, \'to observe
from above.\' DTIL 201 - Introduction to Closed-Circuit Television
(CCTV) Security Surveillance - will enable the Learner to install CCTV
Systems from scratch using industry best practices cultivated over a
decade of hands-on installations by Delmi Staff &amp;amp; Clients.\" /\>

\</outline\>

\<outline text=\"&lt;b&gt;Generalization&lt;/b&gt;\"\>

\<outline text=\"As smart buildings become the norm, becoming a CCTV
Surveillance System Technician will ensure that your skills are in
high-demand during these uncertain times. Delmi Clients are waiting to
hire our best students upon graduation.\" /\>

\</outline\>

\<outline text=\"&lt;b&gt;Learning Objectives:&lt;/b&gt;\"\>

\<outline text=\"At the end of this course, the Learner will be able
to:\"\>

\<outline text=\"Install CCTV Systems from scratch\" /\>

\</outline\>

\</outline\>

\</outline\>

\<outline text=\"&lt;b&gt;Learning Objectives:&lt;/b&gt;\"\>

\<outline text=\"At the end of this course, the Learner will be able
to:\"\>

\<outline text=\"Install CCTV Systems from scratch\" /\>

\</outline\>

\</outline\>

\<outline text=\"&lt;b&gt;Prerequisite:&lt;/b&gt;\"\>

\<outline text=\"DTIL 101\" /\>

\</outline\>

\<outline text=\"Chapters\"\>

\<outline text=\"&lt;b&gt;Chapter One&lt;/b&gt;\"\>

\<outline text=\"What is CCTV?\"\>

\<outline text=\"Closed-Circuit Television (CCTV), also known as video
surveillance, is the use of a video camera(s) to transmit signals to a
specific place for live monitoring or storage.\" /\>

\<outline text=\"These video signals can be broadcast through multiple
media such as coaxial cables, twisted pair cables or through a wireless
local area network.\" /\>

\<outline text=\"There are three main types of CCTV surveillance systems
on the market today\"\>

\<outline text=\"Analog\" /\>

\<outline text=\"Hybrid\" /\>

\<outline text=\"Digital\" /\>

\</outline\>

\</outline\>

\<outline text=\"The History of CCTV\"\>

\<outline text=\"The first CCTV system was invented in 1942 during World
War Two (WWII) by Walter Bruch, a German engineer to enable him to watch
rocket launch from a different location.\" /\>

\<outline text=\"It was not the full CCTV system we know it today
because there was no way to record the video feed.\" /\>

\<outline text=\"Marie Van Brittan Brown utilized the technology 20 year
later in the USA to record the video footage at their home.\" /\>

\</outline\>

\<outline text=\"The Evolution of CCTV\"\>

\<outline text=\"CCTV Solutions have evolved in terms of their:\"\>

\<outline text=\"Scalability\" /\>

\<outline text=\"Security\" /\>

\<outline text=\"Speed\" /\>

\<outline text=\"Intelligence\" /\>

\<outline text=\"Interoperability\" /\>

\</outline\>

\<outline text=\"\" /\>

\</outline\>

\</outline\>

\</outline\>

\</body\>

\</opml\>
